How much is this?
Lower the price.
This thing's been spotted.
No offense, are you talking about the old lady's husband?
I'm his man.
Okay?
This number.
The 300,000, 1 million in this card is yours.
Don't look for anything. 300,000.
It's 30 million.
You robbed a bank?
A fisherman wants 30 million.
Small shops don't fool people.
Yesterday a feng shui master in Qi Yunshan also saw this piece of corn.
I'll buy it tomorrow.
If you want to buy, buy.
If you don't buy it, pull it down.
I sell everyone.
30 million is 30 million.
Pack it for me.
It's only 30 million.
Employees are all this kind of trash.
Well worth our hurry.
Ah.
Hey.
Who scolded me behind my back
What happened to Zhao?
Young Master Ye Chen has sent someone to buy the pregnant woman.
And another 30 million.
Really?
The personality of your product
Dung trucks used to have to taste salty.
It can be so generous.
Forget it, just sell it.
So, 30 million, you don't have to count.
It's all as if I gave it to you.
Thank you.
Master Dai An Dai Duc
I'll pay you back.
All right, all right.
Tomorrow the Qin Dynasty will invite the famous feng shui masters to execute them.
We also have to go to a show.
You quickly choose some decent feng shui antiques to send through.
Let's not shame our Tang Dynasty.
Young master, don't worry.
It will definitely make you beautiful.
Absolutely.
I also gave him the armor.
Refund it, and I have closed it for him.
This time the rice came to my mouth.
God is considered a fool.
Maybe you can also catch the devil.